the first is worth everything from mma advanced as the day was held in the gym
Álvaro Dantas with six fights married a large audience attended in the stadium
to honor the combats the pair of everything
the rules of mma
It's a sport where the fighters
showed his skills
in the first fight of the night the fight was to the athletes advaldo
and white river after wounded and bring it error this combat the difference
in this way the fighter on board
was to apply his blows
check out some of the combat
since you saved
takes advantage with a kick
and in their second goal to get here paulo preto is a great advantage by points
your opponent threw in the towel
and to victory it is there that it is valued and vibrates a lot in the end she is fascinated
in this respect the first
I really want to work on my opponent's legs.
I got to do my job.
be the first
the goal is to reach the final
the text says
agreements with parties have clashed
éverton de brasiléia and who civil of white river
should have passed many instructions to the fighters
I saw it in the first minutes.
up there pro attack
so rates so sure that in that area
the civil defense asks for knee without quoting to finalize the fight the items is compacted
caudillos
with referee antónio afonso raising his arm with the winner
incentives athletes
on top of the ring
legislate spoken with the victory I was very the team
he was also poor team performance
- he
who tries to stay calm and hold
He trains a lot of training.
in the third bout of the night
the challenged is that the fighter who ended up wandering on July 2 the new ballot boxes
I'm going behind the radiator so much of the mma
the entrance of the athletes already generates an expectation
the gladiator make I was hired
the confrontation begins
a pole and cattle
metabolic boy was wrong years if they knew of the blow
He suffered a cut on his forehead.
to fight
when processing the first calls
still on the mat
the thumb group
the fighter coat
parents a place on the spot
and can stop bleeding
I return to fight
will be restrained by the coach if the referee
safin will pilot the July victory the team to score the team
she was also created the thinker she was quite numerous good delegation
proof and just getting heavy and it was worth going
barred in training
I said repeat
one tonne wing
sales occur in the defeat of the first half
it's also not true
in the last period
the book of brasília
respect is this
fatality was born
a response my last year and a half
in 2009
the real marking name
I did not stop for more than an hour and a half